Revert "docs: add tips and tricks" (#415)
CleverCloud/documentation: content/changelog/2024-04-11-clever-tools-3.5.2.md

excludeSearch: true
---

> Clever Tools 3.5 is now available, and this branch brings lots of new important features. First, `clever curl` is now public and listed as an official command. It helps you to send cURL requests with the auth context of your Clever Tools configuration. Thus, you can use Clever Cloud [API v2 or v4](/api/)..

Reviewer: Why two periods, here?

Reviewer 2: It's a revert PR. So it removes fixes from the initial PR.

Author: ```suggestion
Clever Tools 3.5 is now available, and this branch brings lots of new important features. First, `clever curl` is now public and listed as an official command. It helps you to send cURL requests with the auth context of your Clever Tools configuration. Thus, you can use Clever Cloud [API v2 or v4](/api/).
```

```
clever env set CC_RUN_COMMAND "bash a_bash_script.sh"
```

> Clever Tasks will evolve with enhancements planed over the coming months. Feel free to tell us about your needs or ideas on this subject!

Reviewer: Mmmh, either we remove this line entirely or we ignore the Vale warnings. I don’t see of any good ways to says this differently :shrug:

Author: We remove it. Not promises in the doc, just the existing state of the art.

Author: My bad, this is the changelog. It's not great to promise things in the changelog, but there is a certain tolerance when it's about WIP.

Reviewer 3: Still we can say it evolves continuously, showing which direction?

Author: This is why it's ok to leave it. But better not committing changelogs and new doc [on a single PR](https://github.com/CleverCloud/documentation/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#-when-submitting-a-pr)

> Clever Tasks will evolve with enhancements planed over the coming months. Feel free to tell us about your needs or ideas on this subject!

Author: ```suggestion
- Clever Tasks will evolve with enhancements planed over the coming months. Feel free to tell us about your needs or ideas on this!
- [Learn more about Clever Tasks](/doc/develop/tasks/)
```
